Abstract:<br>
	For this project I was tasked to build a website that would be able to make use of a dataset from either a JSON or CSV file. I chose a CSV file to incorporate my data onto the website. I decided to build a website for dog and cat lovers to find their forever best friend on the website. When a user opens up the website they are shown an image of a pet with their name and location. If the user likes what they see they can press check and out will pop up additional information about the pet. If the user does not like what they see they can press X to move onto the next pet. The user can also view what pets they liked on the side menu. There is also an Adopt me button that will allow the user to proceed to adopt their favorite furry friend.<br>
Methods:<br>
	For this assignment I used  a CSV file that incorporated all the text of the pets that I wanted to showcase to the users. I had the images of each pet set in an array. So each time a different pet appeared onto the screen the information from that specific pet in the CSV file would appear. In order for me to have grabbed the correct pet information from the CSV file I used data.getColumn(). The correct name associated with the column had to be put inside the parentheses for the data to be collected. I also used the mousePressed function to signify to my program that the user had either clicked onto the X button or the check button. <br>
Findings:<br>
	During the process of this assignment I learned a lot about how buttons and csv files work. The buttons were the trickiest part to learn because I had to make sure that each button's coordinates were set up correctly for the user to be able to click within the X and Y coordinates provided. I also had to learn how to use different variables to signify to my buttons that they had to perform a specific task. It was especially difficult for me to change the variable of a button to either true or false depending on if it was clicked or not. Another thing I learned was that I had to eliminate all spaces from within the column names to get the data from a specific column. Because if there were any spaces on the column names the code would not be able to run. <br>
